docs(feedback): Keep SDK v7 config docs (#10009)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/user-feedback/v7/index.mdx

---
title: Configuration (deprecated)
sidebar_order: 6200
description: "Learn about the general User Feedback configuration fields for version 7 of the JavaScript SDK."
---

<PlatformSection notSupported={["javascript.node", "javascript.aws-lambda", "javascript.azure-functions", "javascript.connect", "javascript.express", "javascript.fastify", "javascript.gcp-functions", "javascript.koa"]}>

## User Feedback Widget

> The User Feedback Widget offers many customization options, and if the available options are insufficient, you can [use your own UI](#bring-your-own-widget). The following image shows which elements are customizable. The configuration keys on the left side of the image correspond to [text customization](#text-customization) and the configuration keys on the right side of the image are for [theme customizations](#theme-customization).

Author: todo: we should mention that this version is deprecated (was beta, and v8 is the GA) and migration docs are available at https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/develop/docs/migration/feedback.md

| `inputOutlineFocus`       | `--input-outline-focus`        | `rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`                   | `rgba(108, 95, 199, 1)`                   | Outline color for form inputs when focused                                                            |
| `formBorderRadius`        | `--form-border-radius`         | `20px`                                    | `20px`                                    | Border radius style for the form                                                                      |
| `formContentBorderRadius` | `--form-content-border-radius` | `6px`                                     | `6px`                                     | Border radius style for form content (for example: inputs, buttons)                                   |

Here is an example of customizing only the background color for the light theme using the Feedback constructor configuration:

```javascript
feedbackIntegration({
  themeLight: {
    background: "#cccccc",
  },
});
```

> Or the same example above, but using the CSS variables method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or the same example as above, but using the CSS variables method instead:
```

```css
#sentry-feedback {
  --background: #cccccc;
}
```

### Additional UI Customization

> Similar to theme customization above, these are additional CSS variables that can be overridden. These aren't supported in the constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are additional CSS variables that can be overridden, similar to the theme customization above. They're not supported in the constructor.
```

| Variable        | Default                                 | Description                                                                       |

> | --------------- | --------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | `--bottom`      | `1rem`                                  | By default the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |
> | `--right`       | `1rem`                                  | By default the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |
> | `--top`         | `auto`                                  | By default the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |
> | `--left`        | `auto`                                  | By default the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |
> | `--z-index`     | `100000`                                | The z-index of the widget                                                         |
> | `--font-family` | `"'Helvetica Neue', Arial, sans-serif"` | Default font-family to use                                                        |
> | `--font-size`   | `14px`                                  | Font size                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --------------- | --------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--bottom`      | `1rem`                                  | By default, the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |
| `--right`       | `1rem`                                  | By default, the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |
| `--top`         | `auto`                                  | By default, the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |
| `--left`        | `auto`                                  | By default, the widget has a position of fixed, and is in the bottom right corner. |
| `--z-index`     | `100000`                                | The z-index of the widget.                                                         |
| `--font-family` | `"'Helvetica Neue', Arial, sans-serif"` | Default font-family to use.                                                        |
| `--font-size`   | `14px`                                  | Font size.                                                                         |
```

### Event Callbacks

> Sometimes it’s important to know when a user started interacting with the feedback form, so you can add custom logging, or start/stop background timers on the page until the user is done.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because it’s sometimes useful to know when a user started interacting with the feedback form, we've made it possible for you to add custom logging, or start and stop background timers on the page that tell you when the user is done.

```

Pass these callbacks when you initialize the Feedback integration:

```javascript
feedbackIntegration({
  onFormOpen: () => {},
  onFormClose: () => {},
  onSubmitSuccess: () => {},
  onSubmitError: () => {},
});
```

### Bring Your Own Button

> You can skip the default injected button and use your own button to trigger displaying the form. Call `feedback.attachTo()` to have the SDK attach a click listener to your own button. You can additionally supply the same customization options that the constructor accepts (like for text labels and colors).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use your own button instead of the default injected button to trigger the form being displayed, by calling `feedback.attachTo()` to have the SDK attach a click listener to your button. You can also supply the same customization options that the constructor accepts (for example, for text labels and colors).

```

```javascript
const feedback = feedbackIntegration({
  // Disable injecting the default widget
  autoInject: false,
});

feedback.attachTo(document.querySelector("#your-button"), {
  formTitle: "Report a Bug!",
});
```

Alternatively, you can call `feedback.openDialog()`:

```typescript
import { BrowserClient, Feedback, getClient } from "@sentry/react";

function MyFeedbackButton() {
  const client = getClient<BrowserClient>();
  const feedback = client?.getIntegration(Feedback);

  // Don't render custom feedback button if Feedback integration isn't installed
  if (!feedback) {
    return null;
  }

  return (
    <button type="button" onClick={() => feedback.openDialog()}>
      Give me feedback
    </button>
  );
}
```

### Bring Your Own Widget

You can also use your own UI components to gather feedback and pass the feedback data object to the `sendFeedback()` function. The `sendFeedback` function accepts two parameters:

> - a JavaScript object with a required `message` property and additionally, optional `name` and `email` properties or a `FormData` instance with the same properties
> - an optional "options" object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A JavaScript object with a required `message` property and also optional `name` and `email` properties, or a `FormData` instance with the same properties.
- An optional "options" object.
```

```javascript
Sentry.sendFeedback(
  {
    name: "Jane Doe", // optional
    email: "email@example.org", // optional
    message: "This is an example feedback", // required
  },
  {
    includeReplay: true, // optional
  }
);
```

> Here is a simple example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a simple example:
```

```html
<form id="my-feedback-form">
  <input name="name" />
  <input name="email" />
  <textarea name="message" placeholder="What's the issue?" />
</form>
```

```javascript
import { sendFeedback } from "@sentry/react";

document
  .getElementById("my-feedback-form")
  .addEventListener("submit", (event) => {
    const formData = new FormData(event.currentTarget);
    sendFeedback(formData);
    event.preventDefault();
  });
```

</PlatformSection>

## Crash-Report Modal

You can customize the Crash-Report modal to your organization's needs, for example, for localization purposes. All options can be passed through the `Sentry.showReportDialog` call.

| Param            | Default                                                                                           |

> | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | `eventId`        | Manually set the id of the event.                                                                 |
> | `dsn`            | Manually set dsn to report to.                                                                    |
> | `user`           | Manually set user data _[an object with keys listed below]_.                                      |
> | `user.email`     | User's email address.                                                                             |
> | `user.name`      | User's name.                                                                                      |
> | `lang`           | _[automatic]_ – **override for Sentry’s language code**                                           |
> | `title`          | It looks like we’re having issues.                                                                |
> | `subtitle`       | Our team has been notified.                                                                       |
> | `subtitle2`      | If you’d like to help, tell us what happened below. – **not visible on small screen resolutions** |
> | `labelName`      | Name                                                                                              |
> | `labelEmail`     | Email                                                                                             |
> | `labelComments`  | What happened?                                                                                    |
> | `labelClose`     | Close                                                                                             |
> | `labelSubmit`    | Submit                                                                                            |
> | `errorGeneric`   | An unknown error occurred while submitting your report. Please try again.                         |
> | `errorFormEntry` | Some fields were invalid. Please correct the errors and try again.                                |
> | `successMessage` | Your feedback has been sent. Thank you!                                                           |
> | `onLoad`         | n/a - **an optional callback that will be invoked when the widget opens**                         |
> | `onClose`        | n/a - **an optional callback that will be invoked when the widget closes**                        |
> 
> The optional callback `onLoad` will be called when users see the widget. You can use this to run custom logic, for example to log an analytics event:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `eventId`        | Manually set the id of the event.                                                                 |
| `dsn`            | Manually set dsn to report to.                                                                    |
| `user`           | Manually set user data _[an object with keys listed below]_.                                      |
| `user.email`     | User's email address.                                                                             |
| `user.name`      | User's name.                                                                                      |
| `lang`           | _[automatic]_ – (**Override for Sentry’s language code.**)                                           |
| `title`          | It looks like we’re having issues.                                                                |
| `subtitle`       | Our team has been notified.                                                                       |
| `subtitle2`      | If you’d like to help, tell us what happened below. – (**Not visible on small screen resolutions.**) |
| `labelName`      | Name                                                                                              |
| `labelEmail`     | Email                                                                                             |
| `labelComments`  | What happened?                                                                                    |
| `labelClose`     | Close                                                                                             |
| `labelSubmit`    | Submit                                                                                            |
| `errorGeneric`   | An unknown error occurred while submitting your report. Please try again.                         |
| `errorFormEntry` | Some fields were invalid. Please correct the errors and try again.                                |
| `successMessage` | Your feedback has been sent. Thank you!                                                           |
| `onLoad`         | n/a - (**An optional callback that will be invoked when the widget opens.**)                         |
| `onClose`        | n/a - (**An optional callback that will be invoked when the widget closes.**)                        |

The optional callback `onLoad` will be called when users see the widget. You can use this to run custom logic, for example to log an analytics event:
```
